DIRECTOR's MESSAGE

Today's technological developments have opened up a plethora of new opportunities for students to dive into. 
I would also emphasize 

--------------------------

1. Do not hesitate to use all the resources you need. Know what you wanna do and then reach out to the college, to the teachers 
or even your peers. you will find all the help you need. 
2. Pre final year students should decide which area they want to steer their career in and accordingly start applying for internships
also
3. Build a good profile. Try to get into research internships
4. The first year students should participate towards experiencing and building the spirit of this college. Everything you do
   will leave a mark make the next four years your best and work your butt off for your career and claim what's yours.
   Fests, network, make friends, explore opportunities don't get holed up in your room obssessed with your studies, go out there
   and have fun also.
   Participate in sports represent the college meet peers from other IIITs. 

---------------------------

A very cheerful welcome to all the students. With the commencement of our new academic year i wish everyone all the best for the 
upcoming semester. Also, a special welcome for all the freshmen into the IIITN family. May the next four years be of growth and development of not only your career but also as a person. Along with focusing on your academics, make sure you also explore extra curricular activities. Network as much as you can. Take part in all the various activities being held across the vast college campus. You have an abundant amount of great resources at your disposal. Freely available online courses, the vast amount of articles and books available on the internet, the college library and the faculty will always be willing to help you out with your queries. Do not be afraid to learn things on your own, take up small projects and do not shy away from the obstacles you will face along the way. Encountering implementation challenges will only improve your technical and logical skills. You can always consult the professors if you wish to use the laboratories for your personal projects. Reach out to your seniors, they can give you valuable guidance and help you with your interests. Try to participate as actively as you can in TantraFiesta and Abhivyakti, our college festivals, as they are an amalgamation of various opportunities and events. 
